Basic auth messaging (#294)
tidyverse/ellmer: README.Rmd

- `chat_gemini()` is great for large prompts because it has a much larger context window than other models. It allows up to 1 million tokens, compared to Claude 3.5 Sonnet's 200k and GPT-4o's 128k. It also comes with a generous free tier (with the downside that [your data is used](https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/terms#unpaid-services) to improve the model).

- `chat_ollama()`, which uses [Ollama](https://ollama.com), allows you to run models on your own computer. While the biggest models you can run locally aren't as good as the state of the art hosted models, they don't share your data and are effectively free.

### Authentication

Authentication works a little differently depending on the provider. A few popular ones (including OpenAI and Anthropic) require you to obtain an API key. We recommend you save it in an environment variable rather than using it directly in your code, and if you deploy an app or report that uses ellmer to another system, you'll need to ensure that this environment variable is available there, too.

> ellmer also automatically detects many of the OAuth or IAM-based credentials used by the big cloud providers (currently `chat_azure()`, `chat_bedrock()`, `chat_databricks()`, `chat_snowflake()`). That includes credentials for these platforms managed by Posit Workbench and Posit Connect.

Author: Overall, this seems like a big improvement, thanks! I think the bit that we're missing is some brief note about how to use viewer based auth on connect. Maybe something like:

> Posit connect also supports viewer-based auth, where the credential of the person using the app are used. To opt-in to this, you need to ...

Author: I guess for Connect, it's actually opt-out? i.e. if you don't want to use viewer-based auth, you need to set up a service account and use that? Do we have advice on that?

Author: Or do you need to do something on the server side too? so we should just link to https://docs.posit.co/connect/user/oauth-integrations/#adding-oauth-integrations-to-deployed-content

Author: For now, I'll just link. We can improve the linked docs if needed.

> Authentication works a little differently depending on whether you're using a personal or organisational account. If you're using a personal account, you will need to get an API key from the provider and save it in an environment variable. When deploying, you'll need to make sure If you deploy to another system, you'll need to ensure that this environment variable is also available in your deployment environment.
> 
> If you're using an organisational account and you're using Posit Workbench and/or Posit Connect, ellmer integrates seamlessly with their credential management. For the supported endpoints (currently `chat_azure()`, `chat_bedrock()`, `chat_databricks()`, `chat_snowflake()`), this means that auth will just work in Workbench, without you having to worry about it (if it doesn't, you'll need to talk to your server admin so that they can set it up). When deploying to Connect, you'll need to make a choice: do you want to use a service account or viewer-based credentials.
> 
> If you're not using Posit products, you'll need to work with your system administrator. ellmer has been designed to work with a variety of auth mechanisms, and we're happy to add more if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authentication works a little differently depending on the provider. A few popular ones (including OpenAI and Anthropic) require you to obtain an API key. We recommend you save it in an environment variable rather than using it directly in your code, and if you deploy an app or report that uses ellmer to another system, you'll need to ensure that this environment variable is available there, too.

ellmer also automatically detects many of the OAuth or IAM-based credentials used by the big cloud providers (currently `chat_azure()`, `chat_bedrock()`, `chat_databricks()`, `chat_snowflake()`). That includes credentials for these platforms managed by Posit Workbench and Posit Connect.

If you find cases where ellmer cannot detect credentials from one of these cloud providers, feel free to open an issue; we're happy to add more auth mechanisms if needed.
```
